welcome back to classic rides one of the
problem areas on our Airstream was this
front glass assembly the glass has been
broken and replaced with Plexiglas and
sealed with silicone well here to help
us with this problem is the RV doctor
himself Gary buns ER Gary thanks for
being here Kevin thanks it's a pleasure
to be here when we had our RV inspected
they did a leak test on it and there
were no leaks around these windows so in
my mind if it ain't broke don't fix
absolutely in this particular case leak
proof is much more important than
appearance and appearance is what we're
gonna fix with this right absolutely
this is a this is a rock guard provided
by Airstream and basically what we do we
cover this whole window assembly all
three pieces of this window assembly so
when you're towing the vehicle down the
road rocks that are picked up from
behind the tow vehicle won't crack this
particular window and that's probably
what happened originally that's why this
window has been replaced and I've seen
them on the new air streams they look
fantastic on there but they're also
functional that's wonderful so what's
the first step in putting this on well I
think the easiest way to go about this
is if we take this hinge section and
remove this pop rivet and slide the
actual rock guard off of the hinge then
we can take the rail itself and Center
it perfectly then we'll slide the rock
guard back in place and then just go
from there that makes sense let's get to
it all right
the rivet is drilled out and we slide
the rail out the easiest thing to do
Kevin is to line it up with the
Airstream logo that you see here and
we'll Center it and then what we have to
do is pre-drill this rail and we'll put
the pop rivets in to hold it in place
after we seal it then we'll just simply
slide the rock guard back on and we
drill the holes for the rivet
installation
it's important to seal exterior
installations like this rock guardrail
with silicone sealant and the rail goes
into place and is riveted to the trailer
and the rock guard easily slides onto
the installed rail
with the new rock guard arm in place
against the window frame we drill the
holes for you guess it
rivets we also removed the old rock
guard brackets as always seal the holes
with silicone caulk and the rivets are
installed with the arm secure we test
the new rock guard it works great a
rotary tool makes quick work of removing
the old tie down brackets our tool has
small lights of the head which is very
helpful
we drilled the holes for the to tie down
brackets and rivet those onto the edge
of the rock garden then we can mark the
placement of the new rubber tie-downs
and drill the holes for the rivets
check that out and that's nice and
smooth too isn't it and not only does it
move smoothly but you can actually
position this at any angle depending on
the angle of Sun so when you're sitting
inside the trailer obviously you'll be
able to save the Sun from any angle but
you can control your shade all the way
down final latch
not bad fantastic one more thing let's
get this cover up let's do that
is that a cool set of shades or what
that's outstanding
Gary thank you so much for your help it
was my pleasure that's gonna look great
going down the road and it's really
gonna turn some heads
speaking of turning we turn an important
corner in our restoration this week now
we can work on our ac/dc power systems
our waste system and throw a cool set of
wheels and tires on our coach that's on
the next classic rides we'll see you
then
you